Add CONTRIBUTING.md to `casper-network` GitHub Org (#1)
casper-network/.github: profile/CONTRIBUTING.md

- **Describe the behavior you observed after following the steps**, and point out what exactly is the problem with that behavior.
- **Explain which behavior you expected to see instead and why**.

### 2. Code Contribution

There are several ways to identify an area where you can contribute to Casper.

You can take a look at existing issues in our various repositories to see what you can work on.

If you're interested in working on an issue, we recommend you comment on it so that a maintainer can bring you up to speed, and that others know you are working on it.

If there's something you'd like to work on, but isn't captured by an existing issue, feel free to open an issue within the appropriate public repositories of the [Casper Network](https://github.com/casper-network/) to start the discussion.

If you're looking to collaborate and want to find easy tasks to start, look at the issues we marked as `good first issue`.

You can also start by looking through the `beginner` and `help-wanted` issues.

### 3. Casper Documentation

> If you need to add or change anything in Casper Documentation, please raise a PR to the `dev` branch.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you need to add or change anything in the [Casper Documentation](https://github.com/casper-network/docs/blob/dev/README.md), please raise a pull request (PR) to the `dev` branch and follow the setup instructions.
```

Please follow the specific Writing Style Guides like [Guidelines](https://github.com/casper-network/docs/blob/dev/writing-style-guide.md#general-guidelines-general-guidelines), [Grammar](https://github.com/casper-network/docs/blob/dev/writing-style-guide.md#grammar-grammar), [Verb Agreement](https://github.com/casper-network/docs/blob/dev/writing-style-guide.md#verb-agreement-verb-agreement), [Headings](https://github.com/casper-network/docs/blob/dev/writing-style-guide.md#headings-headings), [Lists](https://github.com/casper-network/docs/blob/dev/writing-style-guide.md#lists-lists), [Tables](https://github.com/casper-network/docs/blob/dev/writing-style-guide.md#tables-tables), [Images](https://github.com/casper-network/docs/blob/dev/writing-style-guide.md#images-images), and [Formatting](https://github.com/casper-network/docs/blob/dev/writing-style-guide.md#formatting-formatting) used by Casper's documentation team to keep the updates consistent.

Upon successfully submitting the PR, the Casper team will review the PR or reach out accordingly.

> ### 4. Creating Pull Requests

Reviewer: Please match the formatting already discussed and updated [here](https://github.com/casper-ecosystem/casper-node-on-cloud/blob/a89cd160c1447f329ce691eb876504a5e27c15f8/CONTRIBUTING.md#4-creating-pull-requests).

Reviewer: @devendran-m This comment has not been addressed. Please match the formatting. At the minimum, remove the following heading and incorrect punctuation:

> Casper Pull Request Workflow:
> 
> Please refer to the Casper Pull Request Workflow below;

> As a contributor, you are expected to `fork` a repository, work on your own `fork`, and then submit a pull request. The pull request will be reviewed and eventually merged into the `main` repository.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
As a contributor, you are expected to `fork` a repository, work on your own `fork`, and then submit a pull request. The pull request will be reviewed and eventually merged into the `dev` branch.
```

#### Prerequisites:

**Step 1:** Create a fork of the `dev`, `feature`, or `release-feature` branch to which you want to add your changes.

Please note that the naming convention followed for a Release/Feature branch includes:

- `release-1.4.6` in case of Major releases (e.g., Protocol release).
- `feat-1.5.0` in case of Feature releases.

**Step 2:** Clone the forked repository, add code, commit, and push.

> **Step 3:** Enable Automated Testing [Refer to GitHub’s [Automating builds and tests - GitHub Docs](https://docs.github.com/en/actions/automating-builds-and-tests) for more information].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Step 3:** Enable Automated Testing [Refer to GitHub’s [Automating builds and tests - GitHub Docs](https://docs.github.com/en/actions/automating-builds-and-tests) for more information.
```

- **Step 5.1:** Git Rules

    We use `gitchangelog` for all of our repositories for change logs. For that, we need to adhere to the following convention when writing commit messages. Your pull request may not be merged if you are not following this convention.

- **Step 5.2:** Commit Message Convention
    The following suggestions might be useful to add to your commit messages. You might want to separate your commits into rough sections:
  - by purpose (for example: new, fix, change...).
  - by the entity (for example: doc, sdk, code...).
  - by the audience (for example: dev, tester, users...).
  
  Additionally, you might want to tag some commits:
  - as `minor`, for commits that shouldn’t get output to your changelog (cosmetic changes, small typo in comments...).
  - as `refactor`, if you don’t have any significant feature changes.
      Thus, this should not also be part of the changelog displayed to a final user but might be of some interest if you have a developer changelog.
  - you could also tag with `api` to mark API changes or if it's a new API or similar.

**Casper Pull Request Workflow:**

Please refer to the Casper Pull Request Workflow below;

> ![Casper PR Workflow](images/casper_pull_request_flow.png)

Reviewer: I think this diagram needs to be reworked to match what we have in the casper-node repository: a `dev` branch, feature branches, release branches.
Our repositories don’t have a “main” branch anymore. Also the “develop” branch should be called “dev”.

Reviewer: @devendran-m please address this comment.

  - When you notice those dependencies, put the fix into a commit of its own, then check out a new branch, and cherry-pick it.
  - Read the PR template prudently and make sure to follow all the instructions.
  - Please pay attention to the maintainer's feedback, as it is a necessary step to keep up with the standards Casper attains.
  - If the feature requires ongoing maintenance (e.g., support for a particular brand of database), we may ask you to accept responsibility for maintaining this feature.

### 5. Testing

If you are interested in testing our documentation, guides, and developer tools, head over to the following pages:

- [Why Build on Casper](https://docs.casper.network/resources/build-on-casper/introduction/).
- [Getting Started with Rust](https://docs.casper.network/developers/writing-onchain-code/getting-started/).
- [Setting up a Local Network with NCTL](https://docs.casper.network/developers/dapps/setup-nctl/).
- [Testing Smart Contracts with NCTL](https://docs.casper.network/developers/dapps/nctl-test/).

We would love to know your insights/feedback from your testing. You can let us know by submitting issues in the respective repositories on GitHub.

> 3. Enhancement Proposals (CEP)
> 
> To propose major changes or enhancements to the Casper Node, we encourage you to submit a Casper Enhancement Proposal (CEP). The CEP process is designed to provide a structured approach to new features, enabling organized discussion and review.

Reviewer: Should these lines be deleted? They seem to be left over from something and already covered below.
```suggestion
```

### 6. Submit a Casper Enhancement Proposal (CEP)

1. **Familiarize Yourself**: Review the [CEP README](https://github.com/casper-network/ceps/blob/main/README.md) to understand the process and what is expected in a CEP.
2. **Draft Your Proposal**: Write a draft of your CEP using the provided [template](https://github.com/casper-network/ceps/blob/main/0000-template.md).

> 3. **Submit a Pull Request**: Open a PR in the [CEP repository](https://github.com/casper-network/ceps) with your proposal. Ensure you follow all guidelines for submission.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. **Submit a Pull Request**: Open a PR in the [CEP repository](https://github.com/casper-network/ceps) with your proposal. Please make sure you follow all submission guidelines.
```

4. **Discussion and Review**: The community and maintainers will review your proposal. Be open to feedback and be prepared to make revisions.
5. **Final Decision**: After discussion, the maintainers will decide whether to accept the CEP. If accepted, it will be merged into the repository and implemented as planned.

> ### 7. Contributing New Projects to Casper Network

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### 7. Contributing New Projects to the Casper Ecosystem
```

> This section is specifically created to explain the mandatory requirements that the Community Developers/Teams are required to follow when contributing new projects to the Casper Network.

Reviewer: The Casper Network is one of the many Casper networks (Mainnet, Testnet, private etc). We need to review the term used here.
```suggestion
This section is specifically created to explain the mandatory requirements that Community Developers/Teams must follow when contributing new projects to the Casper Ecosystem.
```
